[`pulse_generator`] Documentation (3/3) (#4166)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/interfaces.rst

* ``"hadamard"``: Use hadamard tests on the generators for all compatible quantum operations arguments.

* :func:`qml.gradients.stoch_pulse_grad <~.stoch_pulse_grad>`: Use a stochastic variant of the
  parameter-shift rule for pulse programs.

> * :func:`qml.gradients.pulse_generator <~.pulse_generator>`: Combine automatic differentiation with
>   the parameter-shift rule for pulse programs.

Author: I like the precision! It feels a bit technical for an intro page, what do you think? 
Maybe
```suggestion
* :func:`qml.gradients.pulse_generator <~.pulse_generator>`: Combine classical processing with the parameter-shift rule for multivariate gates to differentiate pulse programs, using effective generators.
```

>   the parameter-shift rule for pulse programs.

Reviewer: Even better! 💯
